you
hi everyone welcome back to cook and
share today we're making kung pao
chicken this is a favorite in many
restaurants it's one of the most popular
dishes in China it has a wonderful
flavor and it's great for a weeknight
meal so let's get started you can by
slicing the chicken breasts into
bite-size cubes
we're using boneless skinless chicken
breasts in this recipe
then transfer the chicken to a mixing
bowl
add in the soy sauce
the cornstarch then mix everything
together until it's well coated
now let's begin making the sauce by
combining the soy sauce with the rice
wine the vinegar
sugar a few drops of sesame oil
and stir until it's well combined and if
you prefer more sauce simply double the
mixture now let's begin cooking the
chicken by adding cooking oil to a
preheated pan
place the chicken in
and fry it over medium heat for about
five minutes or until the chicken is
golden brown and cooked thoroughly when
the chicken is thoroughly cooked
set it aside on a platter lying with a
paper towel
now in the same pan add in the hot red
pepper flakes the chopped ginger
the spring onions
chop garlic
and stir and fry until their fragrant
next place the chicken back in
had the roasted peanuts
the sauce mixture stir until everything
is nicely combined about a minute or two
now turn off the heat and you're ready
to serve
lastly garnish the dish with some spring
onions and here's our easy and delicious
boom pow chicken made right at home for
more information on this recipe visit
our website and remember you can always
share your recipe with us until next
time have a wonderful day
and enjoy
you